[Music]
all right we're at LX we just brought in
here it's kind of messy you do that
what's up guys Rin LAX
what's up guys is Travis Kasper war is
about to go to China for the first time
this year I was there last year but
we're going the world pick up sticks
this is our last we're getting fresh
Asian flavors for our last American meal
before we go China how's it going
brother you still do get a haircut I got
a haircut because of the disaster oh
yeah I already said you're gonna be a
hammer
all right so we made it through our
Shanghai flight and we're now in
Shanghai and we're about to take off to
go to Luhan okay but I didn't tell you
the story of three Russian could secure
you what I'm tell you now so get on the
flight and there is nobody else in my
row there's no one right now sitting
next to me
looks like everyone
they'll off protons back there
he's on fire
flight takes off everything is great I'm
living life I fall asleep about 45
minutes after I fall asleep I wake up
because a flight attendant is now
positioning a woman and her baby into
the two seats next to me so that she can
have two seats for her and her baby you
know and I am just like so frustrating
so tilted eventually the stewardess
comes over and she's like are you all
right and I was like yeah you know but I
was seeing nice she's like well listen
I'll move you to business
so I got sat for almost the entire
flight in business class and I had like
the full recline seats oh I got so they
brought me like all the dessert and
stuff I have like a little pack now look
like toiletries or whatever like have
nice like permanent souvenir case I like
this group we are now seeing the cab the
back of a cab we figured out how to get
the address to the hotel we're driving
through the streets that we want it is
it supposed to midnight I think besides
we get back to the hotel I get to the
hotel
our view is not bad
let's fill the plug stand by the
edge Chad this is afraid of heights keep
going no no it's gonna look better look
the shots are we gonna stop they were
what it is the morning of groups
yesterday we've hung around the hotel
nothing interesting happened we got no
footage of it but we are tuned to China
now
no jet like everything's great group
starts in just a couple of hours so we'd
be heading over to the venue I can't
wait to see North America smash like
they normally do right that's what
normally happens I can't remember I just
heard my mind of everything that happens
at Worlds every year so anyway we're
heading over to the venue in just a bit
[Music]
so this is this is what a lot of people
don't see people think eSports media is
all glory until cabdriver drops you off
on the wrong side of the venue you have
no idea where the entrance is
you just had to walk around
[Music]
well we are now in the arena it is still
filling up right now but my gosh these
fan signs are so cool I really love
Chinese fans they are just so dedicated
to sort of showing their fandom really
awesome set up outside as well
can't wait for group to start any minute
[Music]
well as you can see world script stage
has officially started stay tuned on my
channel here for all sorts of interviews
and blogs all this great coverage and
thanks to get into mobile Enix for the
support